Sender: Fernanda Caponi
Message:
Hi Ing. Alvaro! How are you?

We have an opportunity for Senior Full Stack Engineer Remote at Right Balance - LA (California) (Remote)

Rate: USD 7,000 - USD 8,500 (month)

We're looking for an iOS engineer. Headquartered in Los Angeles, California, Right
Balance applies the latest technology and best engineering practices to help businesses grow. We’re in the top 50 companies to watch in LA.

Required Qualifications
5+ years of experience working full-time as a Software Engineer.
2+ years of experience with React.
2+ years of experience working with a Node.js back-end tool (Express, Sails, etc). Advance English Level
Experience working with Typescript

What’s in it for you?
Learn and evolve your skills using the latest and greatest technology tools in a rapidly growing company.
Learn from the best engineers. We constantly challenge the status quo and invent new ways of building a great product.
Flexible hours. Just join daily standups, sprint planning, and retrospective meetings. Other than that you’re in control of your own schedule.
100% remote. Work anywhere, whether it is remotely in the comfort of your home, in a shared co-working space, in an RV on the beach, or while being a nomad in another country.
Work on challenging problems, innovate, impacting lots of people's lives for the better while having fun doing it.

Are you interested in knowing more?
What's your email and cell phone for an interview?

Thank you

Regards

Fernanda Rocha
Recruiter

Sender: Ing. Alvaro Rodríguez Scelza
Message:
Hi Fernanda!
Many thanks for contacting me with this opportunity.
Unfortunately I'm not an iOS developer :/
And even if I have some experience with react I consider myself 90% backend dev.

I specialize in python, though I also know how to use JavaScript (with nodejs), C#, Ruby, and others.

Please, let me know if you get an opportunity that might be a better fit for me

Thank you! 😁

Sender: Fernanda Caponi
Message:
I have position on Back end.

What's your email to send you more information about?

Sender: Ing. Alvaro Rodríguez Scelza
Message:
Hello!
Sure, my email is alvaroscelza@gmail.com

remote: True
