job proposal atos uruguay net developer
hello alvaro hope you're well reaching out you at atosuruguay searching net developers interested being part multinational company large-scale projects please send cv desired net salary can move forward process schedule call thank you
Desirable: angular knowledge db oracle sql server
Some corporate benefits: 3 atos free days year free birthday day food ticket hybrid work mode

hello paula thank reaching out offering opportunity
non 100% remote job net would request minimum 6800 usd month depending type project could less fit budget planned position
best regards

job proposal at worldquant.com
hello alvaro,
hope well. let know worldquant.com arrived latam looking best talent join new challenge pioneers start operations uruguay.
positions full-time, us salaries.
position: sr. software engineer
join worldquant.com team uruguay.
global quantitative asset management company 7 billion assets management.
present 13 countries 1000 employees worldwide.
hybrid (office americas)
us salaries full-time benefits.
long term.
advanced english.
interested opportunity, please share cv move forward process.
thank you,

questions about the job
hi jose!
thank contacting considering opportunity.
like ask few questions better understand job conditions:
1- necessary use client equipment use own?
2- technologies used position?
3- company own products provide staff augmentation/software factory services instead?
4- position offer opportunity get involved ai?
5- fte benefits comprised?

alvaro sr react python approximately 5 years experience conversational english long term arrangement indefinite time arrangement contractor relationship ptos paid vacations equipment provided company 100% remote work leave cv evaluate potential fit proposal

sure sending linkedin profile use online resume up date alvaroscelza.github.io website made react share let know need anything else questions

hi ing alvaro how are you
we have opportunity senior full stack engineer remoto right balance la california remote
rate usd 7000 - usd 8500 month
we're looking ios engineer headquartered los angeles california right balance applies latest technology best engineering practices help businesses grow we’re top 50 companies watch la
required qualifications
5+ years experience working full-time software engineer
2+ years experience react
2+ years experience working nodejs back-end tool express sails etc advance english level
experience working typescript
what’s it for you
learn evolve skills using latest greatest technology tools rapidly growing company
learn best engineers we constantly challenge status quo invent new ways building great product
flexible hours just join daily standups sprint planning retrospective meetings other you’re control own schedule
100% remote work anywhere whether remotely comfort home shared co-working space rv beach while nomad another country
work challenging problems innovate impacting lots people's lives better while having fun doing it
are you interested knowing more
what's your email cell phone interview
thank you
regards
fernanda rocha
recruiter

hi fernanda
many thanks contacting opportunity
unfortunately i'm not ios developer :(
and even if have some experience react consider myself 90% backend dev
i specialize python though also know how use javascript nodejs c# ruby others
please let know if get opportunity might better fit
thank you! 😁

Looking for a Back End Engineer to join a project
Project is for a software-as-a-service company that offers an open analytics data platform
Company offers a great culture (fully remote, work/life balance), technical challenges, and career growth
Benefits include:
    -Monthly secure salary in USD
    -Full-time, long-term role
    -Fully remote job
Requesting a time to talk to discuss opportunity further

Interested in hearing more about the Back End Engineer role and the opportunity
Has experience with Python and is always looking for challenges and opportunities to grow
Interested in the fully remote job and long-term, full-time role with a monthly secure salary in USD
Questions:
    1. Can he use his own equipment or does he need to use provided equipment
    2. Does the job provide PTOs, holidays, sick days, or medical insurance
    3. Is English communication a daily requirement

Responding to Alvaro's questions:
    1. Yes, he can use his own equipment
    2. Offers 2 weeks of paid time off, holidays, and no specified number of sick days but employees just need to let their team know; however, doesn't provide medical insurance
    3. Usually communicates in English (required for daily activities)
Would like to arrange a call to discuss opportunity further

Confirms that the information provided is sufficient and would like to arrange a call
Requests a minimum salary of 5300 USD per month
Suggests availability for a call tomorrow at 13:30 GMT-3

Sr Software Engineer (Full Remote)
Offer for Sr Software Engineer (Python, Django) for tech start-up in California working in hotelier industry with focus on Revenue Management. Link to job description: https://www.techyon.it/candidati/sr-software-eng-python-django-fullremote.html

Interested in Sr Software Engineer role. No experience with ETL or Machine learning, but has 3 years of experience with Django and 5 with Python and willing to learn.

great opportunities remote working top companies US
Ing Alvaro, hope great week!
start little intro reaching out: work new division within WorkGenius Inc WorkGenius maintains rapidly expanding global network highly professional qualified talent Most clients large companies well-funded startups need remote talent augment workforce More us here:
At start new year, expecting increased demand Python Developers new existing clients This proactively reaching join exclusive list work fulfill clients' needs
Roles contract basis, 100% remote Commitment flexible; 20-40 hours/week Contract WorkGenius directly responsible payments
If interested:
Please send latest resume Send hourly rate USD Would open taking online test expedite interview hiring process should take no 90 minutes
Please note:
Even not actively looking new role right now, taking test getting list means proactively reach out opportunity matching skills comes our way time, entirely up you want move forward hiring process not Getting list also means reach out side projects part-time ad hoc matching capabilities Keep current job also option work small projects side
look forward hearing from you

Hi Gustavo,
Thank message expressing interest candidate work WorkGenius find opportunity part global network highly professional qualified talent interesting, interested exploring possibility joining exclusive list Python developers
Sending latest resume hourly rate USD In addition, open taking online test expedite interview hiring process solid background Python, around 5 years experience also experience Django, around 3 years experience experience cloud technologies such Amazon Web Services Azure, well Java NodeJS
Current hourly rate 30 usd hour, plus benefits means improve offer consider job change also take perks into account calculate hourly rate, mind answering quick questions?:
1- want keep using english, job allow that?
2- required use provided equipment, can use mine?
3- job include PTOs, holidays, sick days benefits take into account part salary
appreciate interest candidacy willing answer questions may have look forward hearing from discussing opportunity further

Hi Alvaro, thank interest!
reach-out specific role yet actively working having more talents pool able deliver upcoming needs clients With said, choose rate preferred languages best find suitable client
About test, online programming challenge 2 weeks started 90 min complete once started solve development language choice, multiple levels increasing complexity use solution each previous level continue next one
Answering specific questions:
1 - yes, English primary language used clients
2 - opportunities usually form freelancing contracts, fully remote, payment based reported hours worked, required equipment infrastructure talent's responsibility
3 - same above no additional benefits expected please take into account choosing ideal expected rate rate can be discussed opportunity presented
let me know if interested in case can proceed to send test details

Hi Gustavo, thanks answering questions
with this information id ask 35 usd hour work reasonable workgenius best regard happy new year

hi Alvaro sure 35 usd still range hire similar developer follow test link 2 min ok

Awesome Gustavo thank