Sender: Rocío Catalano
Message:
Python BE Engineer for a US-based Software Company (FT/Remote - Top salary in USD)
Hi Alvaro,

We're looking for a Back End Engineer to join in on one of our most exciting projects. For the right dev, this should be a perfect combination of data-intensive and mission-critical technical challenges, a great company culture (fully remote and always have been + we believe in work/life balance), and career growth.

The project itself is for a successful software-as-a-service company that offers an open analytics data platform, helping teams all over the world become data-driven. You’ll have the chance to work alongside the greatest technical leadership as you also get the opportunity to make a big impact on the overall success of the project.

Some benefits:
-Monthly secure salary in USD instead of hourly wages
-Full time, long-term role
-Fully remote job

Can we grab a time to talk for a few minutes to discuss this opportunity further? Would tomorrow or on Wednesday at 1:30pm or 3:30 pm ET work for you? If not, just let me know some times that are good.

Best,
Rocío

Rocío Catalano
+54 11 36100838 | rocio.catalano@rockstarcoders.com

Sender: Ing. Alvaro Rodríguez Scelza
Message:
Hi Rocío,

Thanks for reaching out and considering me for the Back End Engineer role at your company. I'm definitely interested in hearing more about the opportunity and the project. I have experience with Python and I'm always looking for new challenges and opportunities to grow as a developer.

The fully remote job and the long-term, full-time role with a monthly secure salary in USD sound very appealing. However, I would like to know more about the position and the company before we schedule a time to talk. Can you please provide more information about the following questions?

1- Can I use my own equipment, or is it required to use provided equipment?
2- Does this job provide PTOs, holidays, sick days or medical insurance? I currently have those benefits and I consider them to calculate my salary rate.
3- Is English communication a daily perk?


Thank you, I look forward to hearing from you.

Best,
Alvaro

Sender: Rocío Catalano
Message:
Hi Alvaro! Thank you for your answer, and sorry for the delay.
Regarding your questions:
1. Yes, you can use your own equipment, we don't send out computers with tracking software or anything, because we don't like micromanagement (I know this is a common concern).
2. We do have 2 weeks of paid time off, which can be extended, and also holidays off. Regarding sick days, there's not a specified number of days, you just let your team know and take the day if you need to. What we don't provide is medical insurance, because this is a contractor position, and the same goes for your taxes which you'd have to pay in your own country, so I agree that it's important that you take that into consideration when discussing your salary.
3. Yes, we usually communicate in English, since all our clients are from the US and Canada and many team members as well, so it's a requirement for our daily activities.

Let me know if that sounds interesting and you'd like to arrange a call

Sender: Ing. Alvaro Rodríguez Scelza
Message:
Hey Rocío!

Thanks for answering my questions!
It sounds very nice, I think that considering the information you've given me, we can arrange for a minimum salary of 5300 usd monthly, would that be inside your expectations?

If it is, then we can arrange the meeting you suggested, I'm available tomorrow at 13:30.

I await your confirmation, best regards!

Sender: Rocío Catalano
Message:
Hi Alvaro! Regarding the salary, it is within our budget, so we'd be OK to move forward. Then regarding the meeting, I'm not available at that time today, but tomorrow I'd be available. Just to be clear, is it 1:30pm EST or GMT-3?
And, could you let me know an email I can send you the invite to?

Sender: Ing. Alvaro Rodríguez Scelza
Message:
Hey Rocio!
Awesome.
I'm on GMT-3, it's currently 13:22 here.

Unfortunately, tomorrow I have to run some errands, would it be a problem if we set our meeting for next week?

I'm available on monday before 14:40 my time, or tuesday all day, so far. If I get a meeting from my current job, I'll notive you so that we can reschedule.

BTW, my email is alvaroscelza@gmail.com
