Sender: Gustavo Souza
Message:
Great opportunities for remote working with top companies in the US
Ing. Alvaro, I hope you are having a great week!

I'll start with a little intro and why I am reaching out: I work for a new division within WorkGenius Inc. WorkGenius maintains a rapidly expanding global network of highly professional and qualified talent. Most of our clients are large companies and well-funded startups in need of remote talent to augment their workforce. More about us here:

https://www.forbes.com/sites/jonyounger/2022/06/17/workgenius-is-creating-a-new-staffing-leader/

https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/workgenius-a-freelance-technology-company-acquires-us-based-jbc-a-staffing-company-1031516681

At the start of the new year, we’re expecting increased demand for Python Developers with new and existing clients. This is why I am proactively reaching out to you to join our exclusive list as we work to fulfill our clients' needs.

- Roles will be on a contract basis, 100% remote.
- Commitment will be flexible; 20-40 hours/week.
- Your contract will be with WorkGenius directly and we will be responsible for your payments.

If you're interested:
1. Please send me your latest resume.
2. Send me your hourly rate in USD.
3. Would you be open to taking an online test to expedite the interview and hiring process? It should take no more than 90 minutes.

Please note:
- Even if you’re not actively looking for a new role right now, taking the test and getting on our list means we will proactively reach out to you when a new opportunity matching your skills comes our way. At that time, it is entirely up to you if you want to move forward with the hiring process or not.
- Getting on our list also means that we will reach out to you with any side projects (part-time or ad hoc) matching your capabilities. You can keep your current job while also having the option to work on small projects on the side.

I look forward to hearing from you.

Gustavo Souza
Talent Operations Manager

Sender: Ing. Alvaro Rodríguez Scelza
Message:
Hi Gustavo,

Thank you for your message and for expressing interest in me as a candidate for work at WorkGenius. I find the opportunity to be part of a global network of highly professional and qualified talent very interesting, and I am interested in exploring the possibility of joining your exclusive list of Python developers.

I am sending you my latest resume and my hourly rate in USD. In addition, I would be open to taking an online test to expedite the interview and hiring process. I have a solid background in Python, with around 5 years of experience. I also have experience with Django, with around 3 years of experience. I have experience with cloud technologies such as Amazon Web Services and Azure, as well as Java and NodeJS.

My current hourly rate is 30 usd per hour, plus benefits. Which means I'd have to improve that offer in order to consider a job change. I also take other perks into account in order to calculate my hourly rate, would you mind answering some quick questions?:
1- I want to keep using english, does this job allow that?
2- Is it required to use provided equipment, or can I use mine?
3- Does this job include PTOs, holidays, sick days or other benefits? I take them into account as part of the salary.

I appreciate your interest in my candidacy and am willing to answer any other questions you may have. I look forward to hearing from you and discussing the opportunity further.

Best regards,

Sender: Gustavo Souza
Message:
Hi Alvaro, thank you for your interest!

This reach-out is not for a specific role yet. We are actively working on having more talents in our pool in order to be able to deliver the upcoming needs of our clients. With that said, you choose your rate and preferred languages and we will do our best to find a suitable client.

About the test, this is an online programming challenge that you will have 2 weeks to get started with and 90 min to complete once started. You can solve it with the development language of your choice, with multiple levels of increasing complexity that will use your solution from each previous level to continue the next one.

Answering your specific questions:
1 - yes, English is the primary language used by our clients.
2 - our opportunities are usually in the form of freelancing contracts, fully remote, meaning payment based on the reported hours worked, with all the required equipment and infrastructure at the talent's responsibility
3 - same as above, no additional benefits are to be expected, so please take that into account when choosing your ideal expected rate. Of course, the rate can be discussed again for each opportunity we present you

Let me know if you are interested in this case so I can proceed to send you the test details.

Sender: Ing. Alvaro Rodríguez Scelza
Message:
Hi Gustavo!
Thanks for answering my questions.

With this information I'd ask for 35 usd per hour of work.
Would that be reasonable for WorkGenius?

best regards and happy new year!

Sender: Gustavo Souza
Message:
Hi Alvaro,

Sure, $35 is still within the range we usually hire similar developers.

I will be following up with the test link for you in 2 min ok?

Sender: Ing. Alvaro Rodríguez Scelza
Message:
Awesome Gustavo!
Thanks
